Good morning,

These Terms of Use govern your credit application. When you apply for credit, you must accept these Terms of Use in order for your credit application to be processed by the lending company. The lending company will only agree to analyze your credit application if you accept these Terms of Use. Despite compliance with these Terms of Use, the lending company has no obligation to accept the credit application. The acceptance or refusal of the credit application and the maintenance of a credit account is at the sole discretion of the lending company. A debtor's account may be deactivated at any time, at the sole discretion of the lending company, without applicable damages against the lending company. These Terms of Use are in addition to any other applicable contract between the parties and remain valid throughout the credit service granted by the lending company.

WHO CAN APPLY FOR CREDIT?
You must be at least 18 years old and not considered incapacitated or subject to guardianship.
The purpose of your credit application must not be made, directly or indirectly, for an illegal, prohibited, criminal, fraudulent purpose, for money laundering purposes or as part of any other act considered in bad faith by the lending company, at its sole and exclusive discretion.
You have an obligation to reveal your full identity.
You may not impersonate others.
You have not had an application denied or an account closed with our company within the thirty (30) days preceding this credit application.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
In order to process your credit application, as mentioned above, the lending company must verify information about you. The type of information collected depends on the information you provide and how you use the lending company website. You hereby understand and agree that at the time a credit application is made, the lending company collects the content of the application, communications and other information you provide, including when you create an account, create or share content, or when you communicate with or send messages to members, officers, directors, agents or partners of the lending company. This may include information present in or about the content you provide (for example: metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. You formally consent that all information thus collected may be used by the lending company in the context of managing your credit application and may be transmitted to any other affiliated company, service provider or other related companies for the purpose of investigating or aggregating data concerning you. The data concerning you may be part of a database managed by the lending company, by any other affiliated company, service provider or other related companies for the purpose of processing and investigating credit applications, according to the conditions mentioned above or otherwise and may be kept for an indefinite period by the lending company and by any other affiliated company, service provider or other related companies for this purpose. The data may be shared with public or legal authorities, when the law and/or a Court of Justice so orders.

JURISDICTION OF CREDIT APPLICATION AND DISPUTE MANAGEMENT
The lending company is a company doing business in the province of Quebec in Canada and any acceptance of the credit application will be considered to be made in the province of Quebec in Canada, notwithstanding your place of residence or notwithstanding the place where your application was made. You agree that, in the event of a dispute, the laws of Quebec and Canada shall apply and that any dispute shall be heard in the jurisdiction of the province of Quebec in Canada, in the legal district of Montreal, to the exclusion of any other jurisdiction and any other district.

UPDATING THESE TERMS OF USE
The lending company may change its services and policies and may need to make changes to these Terms of Use. The lending company will notify you before changing these Terms of Use and will give you an opportunity to review them before they become effective. If you continue to use the services from the lending company, you will be bound by the revised Terms of Use.

(Terms of Use revised November 1, 2018).